This message came to the program from the listener Abbas Ali Ahmed Bukhari from Taif,
in which he says came to say some scientists
the year that are thrown pebbles in the day al - Adha
and there is talk of Jaber as saying: threw the Prophet ﷺ the Day of Sacrifice sacrificed, and threw then after The
meaning of this is that it is permissible for a pilgrim to delay the throwing of a day until after that
or delaying the whole rak'ah until the last days of Tashreeq and nothing on him
Sunnah is that on the Day of the Feast, the pilgrim will throw seven stones of the Jamrah of Aqaba
As for the rest of the days after the end of each day,
he will throw the three emeralds with twenty-one pebbles, each of which will be thrown seven after the meridian.
This is the project that the Prophet did.
The Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) narrated that Jabir and others (may Allaah be pleased with him all)
said that he threw seven pebbles on the day of the feast,
then he shaved his head and distributed it to the people, peace and blessings be upon him
And if he delayed the throwing because of illness or crowding and threw it after the end of the day on the tenth of the grave of Aqaba
or the last of all to the thirteenth or twelfth day and threw in order and arranged the Jamar on what the law of God
On the day of the twelfth day of the twelfth grade in the collection of the scholars,
but the first and best and the year to do as the Prophet, ﷺ Fermi on the day of Eid sacrificed and if thrown at the end of the night of the Eid holiday, especially the weak
This and the rest of the Jamar is thrown after the demise, and the passage after the meridian was not easy to throw In the afternoon or afternoon
he threw him after sunset on the last day, according to the correct sayings of the scholars.
He had to throw it at night for the last day
but if he threw it after sunset before sunset it was better and better, but if he did not do so
he would not throw it after sunset for the day that was absent.
This sun is the right and this is the chosen
but before the end no, not thrown before